Login Panel Testing:

testLoginCorrectInfo: Passed
testLoginIncorrectUsername: Passed
testLoginIncorrectPassword: Passed
testLoginIncorrectCombo: Passed
testLoginBlankUsername: Passed
testLoginBlankPassword: Passed


Booking Panel Testing:

testYearBelowBounds = Passed
testMonthNonNumber = Passed
testMonthAboveBounds = Passed
testYearNonNumber = Passed
testYearEmpty = Passed
testMonthBelowBounds = Passed
testMonthEmpty = Passed


Find Appointment Testing:
testIncorrectUsername = Passed
testBlankUsername = Passed
testSqlInjection = Passed


Create Appointment Testing:
testDayNonNumber = Passed
testMonthNonNumber = Passed
testYearNonNumber = Passed
testDayEmpty = Passed
testMonthEmpty = Passed
testYearEmpty = Passed
testDayBelowBounds = Passed
testDayAboveBounds1 = Passed
testDayAboveBounds2 = Passed
testDayAboveBounds3 = Passed
testDayAboveBounds4 = Passed
testMonthBelowBounds = Passed
testMonthAboveBounds = Passed
testYearBelowBounds = Passed

ChangePatient
Updates table = Passed
Stop no doctor entry = Passed
Stops no patient entry = Passed
Stops empty field = Passed

